It's okay, it's just that the head hurts.
The doctor said it was a minor concussion.
Just rest for a while.
Then I'll give you a few days off from math.
You rest well.
How is that possible?
I've got a couple of unfinished business.
Health is important.
Please rest well.
That's right, listen to us.
All right, listen up.
From Ninh you protect this grandmother you can't stand your health, you go and rest
It's okay.
you go ask your secretary
Bring my information here.
I'm not going, the secretary is not well.
His family told me to leave him.
The body is not well
What about when?
I was also told by my family this morning.
You keep an eye on the old lady I don't bother
Is it serious? He's a girl who doesn't feel comfortable resting for a while.
Go to the computer.
There's a ring I took.
Five important spiritual words
It's okay five words.
When will you marry me?
Before you say choose a good day, have a wedding.
I've picked the good days.
Wait until grandma wakes up and talk later.
Come in and talk later.
Want this old woman to wake up and tell Chen Nien that you bleed to save him
The old man hasn't left yet.